# 13th January 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Gorm7c6YsITEZKOMib9jQBGi6TgGLiyw/view?usp=sharing).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="213.19140625">Name</th><th width="212.27734375">Role</th><th width="185.14453125">Attendance</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td><td>Secretary</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Samuel Leathers</td><td>Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Kyle Solomon</td><td>Vice-Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Alexandre Maaza</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Carlos Lopez de Lara</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>James Meidinger</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Christian Schmitz</td><td>Voting seats</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Tegegne Tefera</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Giorgio Zinetti</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Juan Sierra</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Tomas Garro</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Simo Simovic</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Jess Fields</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Fergie Miller</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions / updates
  * Update about info action status
  * Update about Business Development working group
* Info action final steps
  * Review Communty Feedback
* Review of KPIs
* Plan for workshops in Nairobi
* Ecosystem Funding WG first session
* 2026 Planning
* IOR 2025 End-year reports
* Product research update

## Updates

* Review actions / updates
  * The secretary provided an update about info action voting status
  * The Vice-Chair provided an update about Business Development working group meeting with Growth and Marketing Committee in December
* Info action final steps
  * The committee discussed other comms to action ahead of info action expiration and approved booking an X space from the Intersect X account
  * The committee reviewed Communty Feedback on the info action collected from DReps rationales
* Review of KPIs
  * The committee acknowledge the Technical Steering Committee will join next session to share feedback
* Plan for workshops in Nairobi
  * The committee discussed plans for workshops in Nairobi to review KPIs and refine strategy
* Ecosystem Funding WG first session
  * Working Group provided an update on plans for the first session scheduled on the following day
* 2026 Planning
  * The secretary presented an high level proposed plan for the year which the committee discussed and refined
* IOR 2025 End-year reports
  * Fergie Miller presented IOR end of year report and opened for Q\&A
* Product research update
  * The secretary provided an update about Product research budget stream

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
