# 20th January 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/16tePRRVqv1xn6Rk3RKWv_QT-OeZEaHGf/view).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="213.19140625">Name</th><th width="212.27734375">Role</th><th width="185.14453125">Attendance</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td><td>Secretary</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Samuel Leathers</td><td>Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Kyle Solomon</td><td>Vice-Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Alexandre Maaza</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>James Meidinger</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Christian Schmitz</td><td>Voting seats</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Tegegne Tefera</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Giorgio Zinetti</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Tomas Garro</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Jess Fields</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Juan Sierra</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Kevin Hammond</td><td>TSC Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>leandros bsp</td><td>SME from TSC</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Neil Davies</td><td>SME from TSC</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Meek Owen's</td><td>Observer</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Roger Willis</td><td>Observer</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Thiago Nunes</td><td>Observer</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Filip Blagojeviƒá</td><td>Observer</td><td>Yes</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions / updates
  * Update on info action outcome and next steps
  * Update first Ecosystem Funding WG meeting
  * Update on activities from FIU
* Research Proposal presentation from Jess Fields
* KPIs feedback from Technical Steering Committee
* Plan for workshops in Nairobi
* Product research first grant

## Updates

* Review actions / updates
  * The secretary provided an update on info action successful outcome and described next comms steps&#x20;
  * Alexandre Maaza provided an update about the first session of the Ecosystem Funding working group
  * Juan Sierra provided an update on activities from FIU
* Jess Fields presented a Research Proposal
* TSC members present in the session shared their feedback on current KPIs and discussed the feedback with committee members
* The committee agreed scope for workshops in Nairobi and discussed scope for future workshops
* The secretary presented the draft of the first Product research first

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
