# 16th January 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FWPxU8adM69EEP3DVxed_DA9PIav6t5y/view?usp=sharing).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Samuel Leathers</td></tr><tr><td>Vice-chair</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Juan Sierra</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Alexandre Maaza</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Ben Hart</td></tr><tr><td>SME research working group</td><td>Fergie Miller</td></tr><tr><td>SME research working group</td><td>Nicolas Biri</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Vote about sharing the 2025 vision proposal to gather feedback
* Review and feedback on the 6 academic research innovation items

## Updates

* The secretary shared the agreed goals for Q1:
  * 2025 research budget proposal completed
  * 2030 vision process agreed and started
  * 2025 product vision endorsed by community
* Samuel Leathers presented his proposal again and shared access to the github repo. A vote could not be held as not all the voting seats were present, action was taken for an async vote
* The committee provided feedback on the presentation for the Budget open call of the 19th / 12 about the research bucket \[[presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DqNyK8Ia_PAfxEmU9Ezy4UI9Yeuc019bXo0I8TXIYOc/edit#slide=id.g2fc45ea8945_0_0)]

## Outcomes & Recommendations

* run async vote to approve socialization of 2025 draft vision
