# 19th September 2024

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro\_lxs=/)

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Saman Michael Far</td></tr><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Zachary Soesbee</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Alexandru Dochioiu</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Bartłomiej Kącicki</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Dynal Patel</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Maciej Krasowski</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Neil Davies</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Ben Hart</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Fergie Miller</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* review actions + decisions from the last session
* Committee election
* update on async actions since the last session
* review timeline
* review the current set of challenges and related goals
* Review the proposed survey and feedback
* Product committee open office hour

## Updates

* The group was presented a cleaned-up version of the goals previously brainstormed to add comments and ideas for sub-goals
* The group provided feedback on the survey to be shared with the broader community

## Outcomes & Recommendations

* the group will share a version of the draft goals to committees, working groups and broader community for feedback
