# 19th December 2024

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/). The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ww8uvWPXNwdPdqnzkVygIUFe2ruuNmb1/view?usp=sharing).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Samuel Leathers</td></tr><tr><td>Vice-chair</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Romain Pellerin</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Naushad Fouze </td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Zachary Soesbee</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions + decisions from the last session and general updates
* Share presentation about research bucket for the budget open call
* Share detailed vision proposal for 2025 from Samuel Leathers

## Updates

* The committee reviewed and discussed Samuel Leathers proposal and agreed to document it in a github repo for further feedback
* The committee provided feedback on the presentation for the Budget open call of the 19th / 12 about the research bucket \[[presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DqNyK8Ia_PAfxEmU9Ezy4UI9Yeuc019bXo0I8TXIYOc/edit#slide=id.g2fc45ea8945_0_0)]

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
