# 23rd January 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rcXSxwjZt69B_JR334rAX5YqiABkItTM/view?usp=sharing).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Samuel Leathers</td></tr><tr><td>Vice-chair</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Juan Sierra</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Romain Pellerin</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Mike Ward</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Naushad Fouze </td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Giorgio Zinetti</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Ben Hart</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Maciej Krasowski</td></tr><tr><td>SME research working group</td><td>Sebastian Bode</td></tr><tr><td>SME research working group</td><td>Nicolas Biri</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions
* ~~Vote on sharing for feedback the 2025 vision proposal~~&#x20;
* Review the research budget doc before being shared

## Updates

* The committee approved the first version of the Research budget to be shared with the community for review

## Outcomes & Recommendations

* N/A
