# 25th November 2024

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/)

This session was moved to Monday 25th from Thursday 28th to accommodate the US bank holiday.

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Samuel Leathers</td></tr><tr><td>Vice-chair</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Juan Sierra</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Mike Ward</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Romain Pellerin</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Maciej Krasowski</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Federico Weill</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Fergie Miller</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions + decisions from last session and general updates
* Review budget - vision creation > Discuss activities and how to budget\


## Updates

* The group discussed the survey shared by TSC
* The group agreed to record future sessions and make them public on this space
* The group reviewed and discussed the proposed draft process for community vision creation

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
