# 6th February 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VJ3cwRMc0hprlihFMS1XtbIrQBrvxtjt/view?usp=drive_link).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Samuel Leathers</td></tr><tr><td>Vice-chair</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Juan Sierra</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Naushad Fouze </td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>James Meidinger</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Sebastian Bode</td></tr><tr><td>Observer</td><td>Paul Chiou</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Absentees

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Romain Pellerin</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions from the previous meeting
* 2030 Vision
  * agree on the process
  * review questions
* 2025 budget
  * close loop on Partnerchains Tokenomics

## Updates

* The committee agreed:
  * To publish the proposed process for 2030 roadmap and start it ASAP
  * The committee agreed to remove for now the items called 'Partnerchains Tokenomics' from the research bucket budget request

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
