# 7th October 2024

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro\_lxs=/)

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Saman Michael Far</td></tr><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Naushad Fouze</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Samuel Leathers</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Juan Sierra</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Zachary Soesbee</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Alexandru Dochioiu</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Bartłomiej Kącicki</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Maciej Krasowski</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Neil Davies</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Ben Hart</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Fergie Miller</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Nicolas Biri</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions + decisions from last session
* Research wg update
* Review budget - product research review

## Updates

* The group continued to discuss product research budget

## Outcomes & Recommendations

* N/A
