# 29th August 2024

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro\_lxs=/)

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Saman Michael Far</td></tr><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Romain Pellerin</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Mike Ward</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Alex Apeldoorn</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Zachary Soesbee</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Ben Hart</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Dynal Patel</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Alexandru Dochioiu</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Bartłomiej Kącicki</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review committee context and gather feedback
* Introductions
* Review actions from the last session
* Review in the wider group items from the previous session
* Agree on a timeline to achieve outcomes
* Agree on meeting cadence
* Agree on actions for the next meeting

## Updates

* The group reviewed the overall context, the following points were clarified:
  * what falls within the scope of product committee? It is a broad umbrella which covers strategy and scope
  * For the 2025 roadmap:
    * we could look at issues and limitations and how to address them
    * We could get budget for full-time people to do field research about the needs
    * it needs to be driven by needs (customer and user needs) > both inward and outward-looking
    * think about practical use cases
* The group agreed to ask the CIR WG to focus on pure core/BAU items for 2024 (Ben Hart is a representative and will help align on this)&#x20;
* The group agreed to have as the first primary focus the 2025 roadmap, thinking about the ‘why’/strategy and to have a draft ready by mid-October
* The group expresses the need to start to have closer alignment with the other committees

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
