# 9th December 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-ZztjbR5utAxoXV_4Xn5vitj_7D69CDp/view?usp=sharing).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="213.19140625">Name</th><th width="212.27734375">Role</th><th width="185.14453125">Attendance</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td><td>Secretary</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Samuel Leathers</td><td>Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Kyle Solomon</td><td>Vice-Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Alexandre Maaza</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>James Meidinger</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Christian Schmitz</td><td>Voting seats</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Tegegne Tefera</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Carlos Lopez De Lara</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Giorgio Zinetti</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Ken-Erik √òlmheim</td><td>Civics Committee Member</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Juan Sierra</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Darby Bodden</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Jess Fields</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Tomas Garro</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions / updates
  * Update Committee rewards
  * Update on Github PRs
  * Update on reimbursements for workshops and business calls
  * Update on session with IO stakeholders
  * Pentad Update
* Discuss KPIs
* Review info action content
* Review Storm Partners Business calls (sizing)
* Review Ecosystem funding WG
* Discuss Business Dev WG (product / marketing committees)

## Updates

* Review actions / updates
  * The secretary provided an update Committee rewards
  * The secretary provided an update on Github PRs
  * The secretary provided an update on reimbursements for workshops and business calls
  * The secretary, Chair and Vice-Chair provided an update on session with IO stakeholders
  * Giorgio Zinetti provided context on Pentad
* The committee discussed KPIs
* The committee reviewed and provided feedback info action content
* The committee reviewed and approved Storm Partners Business calls reimbursement
* Alexandre Maaza provided an overview of the proposed structure of Ecosystem funding WG
* Kyle Solomon provided an overview of the proposed Business Dev WG. The secretary took action to book follow up meeting with GMC representatives

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
