# 22nd April 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JsMi9SRlik6SH3ben2N10J_pTlL_VpER/view?usp=sharing).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Samuel Leathers</td></tr><tr><td>Vice-chair</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Juan Sierra</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>James Meidinger</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Zachary Soesbee</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Naushad Fouze </td></tr><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Alexandre Maaza</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Fergie Miller</td></tr><tr><td>Observer</td><td>Kenric Nelson</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Absentees

N/A

## Agenda

* Review comments on Product committee proposal and define official reply
* Prepare business sessions framework
* Comment on IoR proposal and other research proposals

## Updates

* The committee discussed comments on the Product committee proposal and existing replies
* The committee brainstormed questions for the business calls
* The committee discussed if and how to support other proposals in the research bucket

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
