# 1st July 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q2X_Bi0DGY8P7_dUnaNU4xt1KwjJEB3y/view?usp=sharing).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="213.19140625">Name</th><th width="212.27734375">Role</th><th width="185.14453125">Attendance</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td><td>Secretary</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Samuel Leathers</td><td>Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Kyle Solomon</td><td>Vice-Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Juan Sierra</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>James Meidinger</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Naushad Fouze </td><td>Voting seats</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Tegegne Tefera</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Carlos Lopez De Lara</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Fergie Miller</td><td>SME</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Zachary Soesbee</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Darby Bodden</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Rafael Cardoso</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions from last session
* 2030 vision draft
* Founding entities calls - status update
* Node teams calls - status update
* Business calls - status update
* Define insights calls with Midnight partner-chain
* Plan other workshops in defined in budget proposal

## Updates

* The secretary provided an update about:
  * Rareevo workshop
  * Value proposition map session with TSC and GMC
  * Product Committee treasury action
  * Call with Alba node
  * Local gatherings applications
* The committee discussed next steps for 2030 vision proposal drafting
* The committee discussed status of calls with Founding entities, Node teams and businesses
* The committee brainstormed questions to ask to Midnight team at Rareevo

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
