# 18th March 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_5KiB7J0H-Ut9GaEoNeNcdORhtAvSSok/view).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Samuel Leathers</td></tr><tr><td>Vice-chair</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Juan Sierra</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>James Meidinger</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Zachary Soesbee</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Nicolas Biri</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Fergie Miller</td></tr><tr><td>Observer</td><td>Kenric Nelson</td></tr><tr><td>Observer</td><td>Mercy F</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Absentees

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Naushad Fouze </td></tr><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Alexandre Maaza</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions from the previous session
  * Update on budget (Fergie)
  * Vision creation workshop
  * Update from Japan from Chair and Vice-chair
* 2030 vision process
  * Check refined questions + book SPOs focus group call
  * Book next workshop
  * Have other people run the workshop (suggestions)

## Updates

* Fergie, representative of the research working group, provided an update on the requested fixes on the research budget
* The Chair and Vice-chair provided insights on their recent trip to Japan connecting with community and DReps
* The secretary provided an update about the first vision creation workshop held the previous week
* The committee agreed to book a focus group SPO call on Wednesday 26th March
* The committee agreed on a strategy to run more vision creation workshops which includes running a public live-streamed workshop on SpacePlace

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
