# 17th June 2025

The session was run in the related[ miro board.](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/)&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zcltQHmr8kRSPvtngBxCbJ9x5390pyTR/view).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="213.19140625">Name</th><th width="212.27734375">Role</th><th width="185.14453125">Attendance</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td><td>Secretary</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Samuel Leathers</td><td>Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Kyle Solomon</td><td>Vice-Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Juan Sierra</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>James Meidinger</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Naushad Fouze </td><td>Voting seats</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Tegegne Tefera</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Carlos Lopez De Lara</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Fergie Miller</td><td>SME</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Zachary Soesbee</td><td>SME</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Darby Bodden</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Rafael Cardoso</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions from last session
* Confirm calls with funding entities
* Business calls and Node team calls - check status
* Review requests for workshops / local gatherings
* Value Proposition map
  * Review [value prop map](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVIuLIKxE=/)
  * Book session with TSC and GMC

## Updates

* The secretary provided an update:
  * Business calls guide documented and socialised ([here](https://x.com/IntersectCPC/status/1934684152395153667))
  * [Insights collected ](https://productcommittee.docs.intersectmbo.org/committee-outcomes/2030-long-term-cardano-vision/insights-collected)so far
* The committee agreed on the timing for call with Fred from CF, and discussed booking time with Charles H. (IOG) and Philip (EMURGO). The committee also refined and shared the questions.
* The committee reviewed the status of the business and node team calls
* The committee review the existing applications to run local gatherings and workshops, approving all of them
* The secretary provided an overview of the value proposition map exercise and collected feedback&#x20;

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
