# 27th May 2025

The session was run in the related[ miro board.](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/)&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sTCfFgN1P0kmXyVugznbJ7WwodSsZiVi/view?usp=sharing).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Samuel Leathers</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Juan Sierra</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>James Meidinger</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Naushad Fouze </td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Tegegne Tefera</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Carlos Lopez De Lara</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Fergie Miller</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Zachary Soesbee</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Simo Simovic</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Absentees

* Kyle Solomon

## Agenda

* Review actions
  * Cardano over coffee and workshop debrief
  * Update from research working group
* Review Vision process next step
* Discuss Product research next steps

## Updates

* Research working group representative shared a new approach to run the working group session to make them more open
* The committee agreed for product research effort to be a lower priority for now while the budget is not approved yet. The committee also agreed, when it comes the time, to focus first on defining the scope of work and milestone for the first $5k which are intended to define the streams of research

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
