# 4th March 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JWOHqvct16pxGVnrHleo79A0W8OelPKA/view?usp=sharing).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Position</th><th width="194">POC</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Secretary</td><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td></tr><tr><td>Chair</td><td>Samuel Leathers</td></tr><tr><td>Vice-chair</td><td>Kyle Solomon</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>Juan Sierra</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seat</td><td>James Meidinger</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Zachary Soesbee</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Alexandre Maaza</td></tr><tr><td>Voting seats</td><td>Naushad Fouze </td></tr></tbody></table>

## Absentees

N/A

## Agenda

* Review actions from the previous session
  * Update on research budget from last session
  * Update vision creation questions
* 2030 vision process
  * Overview of next week's Japan workshop (Sam and Kyle)
  * Review workshop questions
  * Approve workshop dry-run

## Updates

* The committee reviewed the updated questions that include the regional element on the vision creation form
* The committee reviewed the workshop questions and approved for test dry-run to be held in the next product committee open session call on Thursday 13th March 2025
* Async decision:
  * The committee approved the submission on-chain of the proposed product roadmap
  * The committee approved to keep the voting seats of the committee to 7 (instead of 9)
  * The committee approved to move the committee official and open sessions
  * The committee approved the questions to be asked of candidates of the next April election who want to be considered for the product committee

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
