# 16th September 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13CaSQsEAEP5KgG-KdY2mNmQ4hS7p4QN-/view).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="213.19140625">Name</th><th width="212.27734375">Role</th><th width="185.14453125">Attendance</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td><td>Secretary</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Samuel Leathers</td><td>Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Kyle Solomon</td><td>Vice-Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Juan Sierra</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>James Meidinger</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Naushad Fouze </td><td>Voting seats</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Tegegne Tefera</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Carlos Lopez De Lara</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Fergie Miller</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Zachary Soesbee</td><td>SME</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Darby Bodden</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Rafael Cardoso</td><td>SME</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Tomas Garro</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions / updates
  * Update on workshops
  * Review applications 7 to 9 for local gatherings
  * Cardano roundtable booked for Wed 24th
  * How will reimbursement work
* Thursday workshop
* Review budget
  * Define dates for workshops to advertise
  * Decide if reimbursement will be in stable or ADA
  * Review other workshops
* Update draft
  * [check PR](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/product-website/pull/26/files)
* Meeting cadence for October when committee members will be in Asia

## Updates

* The secretary provided an update on:
  * Workshops hosts that have been contacted and have confirmed
  * Answers from local gatherings and business calls applicants
  * Cardano roundtable plans
  * Current process to get people who run local gatherings, business calls or workshops reimbursed
* Committee discussed plan for remote workshop of Thursday 18th
* Committee confirmed initial dates for in-person workshops to start advertising on Luma
* Committee discussed preferences for ADA vs Stable in relation to reimbursements with a preference of using Stable for reimbursement of expenses
* Committee discussed plans for other workshops
* Committee reviewed, refined and approved PR [https://github.com/IntersectMBO/product-website/pull/26/files](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/product-website/pull/26/files)
* Committee discussed meeting cadence for the following 2 weeks while, chair, vice-chair and secretary are in Asia for workshops&#x20;

## Outcomes & Recommendations

* Use Ada for reimbursement and, where possible for workshops, give option of stable
* Run async meetings of 30th/09 and 7th/10 and resume on 13th/10
