# 4th November 2025

The session was run in the related [miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKro_lxs=/).&#x20;

üìΩÔ∏è The meeting recording can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YPmPqv9plS4Dtn9dn9vFw2FseMh2f3B4/view?usp=sharing).

## Participants

<table><thead><tr><th width="213.19140625">Name</th><th width="212.27734375">Role</th><th width="185.14453125">Attendance</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lorenzo Bruno</td><td>Secretary</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Simo Simovic</td><td>Alternate Secretary</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Samuel Leathers</td><td>Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Kyle Solomon</td><td>Vice-Chair</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Juan Sierra</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>James Meidinger</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Naushad Fouze </td><td>Voting seats</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Tegegne Tefera</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Carlos Lopez De Lara</td><td>Voting seat</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Fergie Miller</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Jess Fields</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Darby Bodden</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Kyle Curry</td><td>Observer</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Tomas Garro</td><td>SME</td><td>Yes</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Agenda

* Review actions / updates
  * Update on board session
  * Updates on stakeholder sessions
  * Update on session with CF
* Plan for next workshops
  * update from Carlos and Juan for BA
  * Update from Sam and James for Berlin
  * Check status of Luma calendar
* Review and discuss [GMC feedback](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eSCgmHL2VtomJLDEai4BkuuKn3gvWLX4RRl_Y7zxY78/edit?usp=drivesdk)
* Presentation from Business call with good nature Agro /Kyle C.
* Review updated Strategy graphic
* Next week session (who is going to summit)

## Updates

* Review actions / updates
  * Chair and Vice-Chair provided an update on the session held with the Intersect Board
  * Chair and Vice-Chair provided an update on the session held with the different stakeholders
  * Chair and Vice-Chair provided an update on the session held with Cardano Foundation
* Plan for next workshops
  * Carlos and Juan provided an update on their plan for the BA workshops
  * Sam and James provided an update on their plan for Berlin workshop
  * The secretary checked status of Luma calendar
* The committee discussed [GMC feedback](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eSCgmHL2VtomJLDEai4BkuuKn3gvWLX4RRl_Y7zxY78/edit?usp=drivesdk) on vision and strategy
* Kyle Curry presented the outcome and learnings from the business call with Good Nature Agro
* The committee discussed the updated Strategy graphic
* The committee agreed to remove following week session due to Cardano Summit attendance

## Outcomes & Recommendations

N/A
