---
description: Sept 23, 2024
---

# (23/9/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Leonard Hegarty
* Benjamin Hart
* Eystein Magnus Hansen
* Santiago Carmuega
* Giorgio Zinetti
* Lewis Mayne
* Trym Bruset
* Samuel Leathers

Meeting Recording: [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZjhxnaUS3d-j9ucjlAi46grBve93jv\_1/view?pli=1](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZjhxnaUS3d-j9ucjlAi46grBve93jv\_1/view?pli=1)

## Agenda

<table><thead><tr><th width="213">Discussion Points</th><th width="308">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</td><td>Quorum achieved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Approve the Agenda</td><td>Agenda approved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Minutes, Online Votes, &#x26; Publishing Updates</td><td>Minutes approved</td><td><p><br></p><ul><li>Implement faster approval process, possibly within a day of the meeting.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Review 90-day milestone plan</td><td><p></p><ul><li>Progress is being made, but some items need more attention.</li></ul><ul><li>Issues with SIGs (Special Interest Groups) were discussed, including the need for better participation and shared ownership</li></ul></td><td><p><br></p><ul><li>Leonard, Santiago, and Sam to discuss better integration and participation strategies.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Chair Nominations</td><td><p></p><ul><li>Leonard and Benjamin are stepping down as co-chairs.</li><li>Nominations are open, with Giorgio considering role. Eystein Magnus Hansen will not run as a candidate but will support Giorgio.</li><li>Final nominations and confirmation will occur next week.</li></ul></td><td><p></p><ul><li>Finalize nominations and confirm new co-chairs next week.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Retrospective on Miro Board</td><td><p></p><ul><li>Focused on what held the group back and what could be improved.</li><li>Key points included fear of quality and external opinion, lack of resources, and iterative design culture.</li><li>Agreed to make minutes approval faster and improve communication clarity.</li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Hydra Roadmap for 2025</td><td><p></p><ul><li>Trim Bruset presented updates on Hydra, including potential collaborations and user-driven development.</li><li>Discussed the need for a clear distinction between core development and revenue-generating products.</li><li>Agreed to focus on core tasks for the upcoming AMM and consider additional proposals later.</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Trim to update the detailed roadmap and notify Lewis and Benjamin for approval.</li><li>Focus on core development tasks for the AMM deadline.</li></ul><p><br></p></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td><br></td></tr></tbody></table>
