---
description: Aug 5, 2024
---

# (5/8/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Ben Hart
* Leonard Hegarty
* Alex Karpov
* Eystein Hansen
* Giorgio Zinetti
* Nori Nishigaya
* Romain Pellerin
* Sam Leathers
* Santiago Carmuega
* Silona Bonewald
* Trym Bruset
* Hwang HuongKet
* Douglas Ferguson
* Duncan Soutar
* Brian Bush
* Kevin Hammond
* Sebastian Nagel



## Agenda

<table><thead><tr><th width="220">Discussion Points</th><th width="294">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p>Introduction &#x26; </p><p>Agenda approval</p></td><td><ul><li>Meeting recorded and quorum reached</li><li>Minutes and online votes approved</li><li>Agenda amendments was raised to prioritize topic on triage conversation due to presence of external SMEs and approved</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Review 90-day milestone plan</td><td><ul><li>Completed items on milestone plan to be reviewed and updated on Gitbook</li><li>Handbooks and working SIGs in progress</li><li>Milestone of Items 10-13 triaged completed and published on Gitbook</li></ul></td><td><ol><li>Group to review the milestone plan </li><li>Ben and Leonard to coordinate async on list of triage</li><li>Hwang update Gitbook on milestone to highlight done milestones</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>Triage 4 New Items &#x26; SIGs</td><td><ul><li>TSC and CIR presented idea on categorizing new items based on Hoppers</li><li>SMEs were invited to identify the items brought into triage; including LSM (Integration), Leios and Peras.</li><li>SMEs highlighted the need for clear articulation of product requirements, and the importance of precise technical communication with the community.</li><li>Group raised the call to set up a Special Interest Group to facilitate understanding of Peras and Leios.</li><li>CIR recognize the need to map out the structure and processes for roadmap items</li><li>TSC recognizes that the process may take time to complete due to having a large backlog to go through from an initial setting-up standpoint; where ordinarily this would be a continuous process.</li></ul></td><td><ol><li>Duncan and Leonard to review NFR for LSM</li><li>Hwang to integrate additional parameters on Triage list</li><li>Sam to set up Special Interest Groups</li><li>Brian Bush (SME) to provide graphical mapping for Leios</li><li>Leonard and Duncan to agree on community outreach approach </li><li>Eystein will lead effort to frame engagement approach with the community</li><li>Leonard, Ben and Hwang to coordinate on motions required for async vote </li><li>Hwang to reach out to Duncan to confirm speakers for next weekâ€™s workshop</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>Prioritization Rubric</td><td><ul><li>Agenda tabled due to lack of time</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Comms Plan</td><td><ul><li>Agenda tabled due to lack of time</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Adjournment</td><td><ul><li>Meeting adjourned at 1712 UTC</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr></tbody></table>

\
