---
description: Aug 12, 2024
---

# (12/8/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Hwang HuongKet
* Douglas Ferguson
* Ben Hart
* Leonard Hegarty
* Sam Leathers
* Alex Karpov
* Duncan Soutar
* Giorgio Zinetti
* Santiago Carmuega
* Trym Bruset
* Will Gould
* Sebastian Node
* Sebastian Nagel
* Polina Vinogradova
* Neil Davies



## Agenda

<table><thead><tr><th width="175">Discussion Points</th><th width="341">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p>Introduction &#x26; </p><p>Agenda approval</p></td><td><p>Meeting recorded and quorum reached</p><p>Agenda amendments were raised to amend Triaging of Items to general Q&#x26;A in favour of having the Triage next week, as many key members are not present this session to provide input.</p><p>Review on results for Async votes that went out last week:<br>1) Numbering Structure: Approved Async</p><p>2) Publication of revised inflight items: Approved in workshop</p><p>3) Publication of New Items Reviewed: Approved Async</p><p>4) Publication of Prioritization Rubric : Approved in workshop</p><p>5) Publication of CIR Handbook - Glossary : Approved in workshop</p><p>6) Addn Triage Categories : Approved in workshop</p><p>7) Discord Announcement post : Approved in workshop</p><p>8) Quorum: Tabled in favour of an agenda for minimum amount of members attendance required for a quorum. </p></td><td><p><br></p><ul><li>Hwang to share 5 Aug workshop minutes and publication notes for async approval.<br><br></li></ul><p><br></p></td></tr><tr><td>Review 90-day milestone plan - Leonard</td><td><ul><li>Group reviewed milestone plan</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Hwang to move SIGs operational milestone to 3 Sept</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Babel Fees, Mithil, Hydra Q&#x26;A - Duncan</td><td><p>Babel Fees:</p><ul><li>Polina presented on Babel Fees project</li><li>Debate on the readiness level of the project</li><li>Discussion on competing proposals and the need for further discussions</li><li>Recommendation to table the discussion for further refinement</li></ul><p>Hydra</p><ul><li>Trym and Sebastian presented on Hydra protocol development roadmap</li><li>Discussion on the focus areas for 2025, including core protocol development and adoption facilitation</li><li>Debate on the scope of Hydra as core infrastructure vs. ecosystem development</li></ul></td><td><p>Action: </p><p>Babel Fees</p><ul><li>Ben to reach out to Polina for further discussion over counter-proposals and readiness level</li></ul><p>Hydra</p><ul><li>Trym and Sebastian to scope out resourcing, timeline and work required.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>SIGs set up - Hwang</td><td><ul><li>Discussion on setting up SIGs for various topics including Peras/Leios, NFTs, DeFi, and Identity</li><li>Debate on the structure and purpose of SIGs</li><li>Agreement to set up SIGs by September 3rd</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Sam to set up Special Interest Groups (SIGs) by September 3rd </li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Committee Meeting Logistcs + Voltage Control - Hwang/Douglas</td><td><ul><li>Discussion on moving to GitHub for agenda management</li><li>Agreement to switch from Zoom to Google Meet for future meetings</li><li>Alignment on the publication of meeting recordings to participants and minutes on Knowledge Base</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Hwang to distribute meetings recording to attendees</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>New Business</td><td><ul><li>Planning for SIG formation and outreach</li><li>Discussion on the timeline for SIG feedback and budget approval process</li><li>Agreement on wider circulation of proposed items for feedback</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr></tbody></table>

