---
description: Aug 19, 2024
---

# (19/8/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Reza Baram
* Nicolas Biri
* Silona Bonewald
* James Chapman
* Neil Davies
* Will Gould
* Benjamin Hart
* Leonard Hegarty
* Hwang Huongket
* Alex Karpov
* Sebastian Nagel
* Nori Nishigaya
* Romain Pellerin
* David Rosales
* Duncan Soutar
* Polina Vinogradova



## Agenda

<table><thead><tr><th width="186">Discussion Points</th><th width="331">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</td><td><ul><li>Workshop Quorum was met at 1608 UTC.</li></ul><p><br></p></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Approve the Agenda</td><td><ul><li>Agenda approved once quorum was met. Triage for Mithril to be postponed until next week.</li><li>Meeting notes and publication updates will be put up for async vote.</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Hwang to create poll for async vote for minutes and discord publication</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Review 90-day milestone plan - Leonard</td><td><ul><li>Leonard led discussion on Special Interest Group (SIG) formation</li><li>Presentation of a outline for SIG to follow: discovery, findings, challenges, conclusions, options and final outcome</li><li>Aim to provide loose guidelines for SIGs to arrive at outcomes</li></ul><p><a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vXwL_CdVo_itEOeyA3aNrrFzwLfjQI1YohG9tRka2VA/edit#slide=id.p1">Special Interest Groups Outline Brief V1.0</a></p></td><td><ul><li>Ben to provide Dapp and DeFi stakeholders for the SIG by Wednesday</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Triage Babel Fees, Mithil, Hydra - Duncan</td><td><p>Mithril and Hydra discussion postponed pending preparation from SME.<br><a href="../roadmap-items-proposals-for-2025-onwards/triage.md#bab-1.-marketplace-application-for-babel-fees">Babel Fees</a>:</p><ul><li>Polina Vinogradova presented on Babel fees</li><li>Aim: Allow transactions without ADA, cover fees and min UTXO value</li><li>Design allows for batching transactions, sharing witness data, and script inspection</li><li>Community interest noted, but no firm commitments for development yet</li><li>Decision to move forward with further investigation</li></ul><p><a href="../roadmap-items-proposals-for-2025-onwards/triage.md#tlm-1.-timeliness-market">Timeliness Market Proposal</a>:</p><ul><li>Neil Davies presented on timeliness market concept</li><li>Motivation: Provide assurance for transaction timing</li><li>Proposal for a futures market for transaction slots</li><li>Discussion on potential impacts and market dynamics including consideration of multiple consortiums vs. single market</li><li>Decision to move forward with further investigation and TSC discussion</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Polina to complete Key Priorities Spreadsheet</li><li>Hwang and Leonard to take Babel Fees item forward to be evaluated further</li></ul><ul><li>Neil to reach out to Aggelos team for input on tokenomics impact</li><li>Duncan Soutar to slot timeliness market proposal into upcoming TSC agenda for discussion</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Comms Plan - Silona</td><td><ul><li>Thank you to Silona Bonewald for contributions</li><li>Discussion on next steps for SIG formation and stakeholder involvement</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Silona and Hwang to conduct Handover</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>
