---
description: Aug 27, 2024
---

# (27/8/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Trym Bruset
* Santiago Carmuega
* Kevin Hammond
* Eystein Magnus Hansen
* Leonard Hegarty
* Hwang Huongket
* Alex Karpov
* Samuel Leathers
* Nori Nishigaya
* Romain Pellerin
* Ricky Rand&#x20;
* Duncan Soutar
* Giorgio Zinetti

## Agenda

<table><thead><tr><th width="213">Discussion Points</th><th width="312">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</td><td>Quorum achieved </td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Approve the Agenda</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Minutes, Online Votes, &#x26; Publishing Updates</td><td><ul><li>Minutes for 19 Aug approved</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td><p>Review 90-day milestone plan - Leonard</p><p><br></p></td><td><ul><li>Core infrastructure plan is on track</li><li>Comms plan has been published and is being refined</li><li>Process for community-proposed items is being developed</li><li>Special Interest Groups (SIGs) are being set up for scalability, DeFi, etc.</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Leonard to organize a breakout meeting with Sam to discuss SIG formation and outreach</li><li>Leonard to work with Hwang and Duncan to shortlist names for SIG participation</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Proposed Item Review - Duncan</td><td><p>Node Architecture Refresh</p><ul><li>Ricky Rand proposed re-architecting the node for better componentization</li><li>Aim is to improve flexibility, scalability, and concurrency</li><li>Two phases: discovery and proof of concept, each about 6 months</li><li>Kevin Hammond suggested using Delta Q analysis for design decisions</li><li>Discussion on potential benefits and implementation challenges</li></ul><p>Pricing Models</p><ul><li>Kevin Hammond presented on revised stake pooling incentives</li><li>Discussion on potential changes to stake pool operator rewards</li><li>Pricing models for Cardano ecosystem discussed</li><li>Tiered pricing concepts introduced</li><li>Need for community input and special interest group involvement highlighted</li></ul><p>Proof of Useful Work</p><ul><li>Romain Pellerin presented on proof of useful work for deep learning</li><li>Concept involves using machine learning tasks for block production</li><li>Potential implementation in partner chain or Cardano mainnet in future</li><li>Discussion on research phase, budget considerations, and integration with existing systems</li><li>Debate on how to handle research projects within the roadmap planning process</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Ricky Rand and Kevin Hammond to discuss and refine the pricing models proposal</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Next steps on SIGs - Leonard</td><td><ul><li>Sam Leathers provided update on SIG creation in Discord</li><li>Need for more community engagement and participation in SIGs</li><li>Discussion on outreach strategies and minimum viable SIG for Leos/Paris discussion</li><li>Proposal to involve Matthew Capps or Tim Harrison for better community push</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Sam to create a list of people for DApps and Scalability SIGs</li><li>Eystein to propose ideas for lowering barriers to communication in SIGs</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Community Open Spaces and Town Hall participation - Karen/Hwang</td><td><ul><li>Upcoming committee elections in September</li><li>Discussion on number of seats for Core Infrastructure subcommittee</li><li>Proposal for 9 seats: 1 chair, 1 secretary, 7 open seats</li><li>Debate on opening half of the seats for election this year</li><li>Consideration of community involvement and representation</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Hwang to share the committee elections website link with the group</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>New Business</td><td>Motion: To approve baseline for quorum as 3 or more participants depending on past 3 attendance records</td><td><ul><li>Motion tabled to next meeting<br></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>
