---
description: July 1, 2024
---

# (1/7/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Hwang HuongKet
* Douglas Ferguson
* Leonard Hegarty
* Silona Bonewald
* Alex Karpov
* Sam Leathers
* Eystein Hansen
* Giorgio Zinetti
* Santiago Carmuega
* Sebastian Bode
* Michael Fellinger

## Agenda

### Action items

<table><thead><tr><th width="175">Discussion Points</th><th width="419">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</td><td>Quorum achieved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Approval on Agenda, Minutes, Online Votes, &#x26; Publishing Updates</td><td>Agenda and Minutes approved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Owners for dev report &#x26; discord channels</td><td>Motion approved to have dev report &#x26; discord announcement channels approved together with minutes during start of every workshop.</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Review Task HeatMap</td><td><p>The group discussed the various artifacts that are currently in development:</p><ol><li>Talking points - The CIR-WG will be reaching out to the suppliers/item champions of the 9 existing items this week to gather input and feedback. </li><li>Current State Draft - A one-pager artifact on the current situation, “state”, explaining the drivers to decisions made, linking to the various artifacts, including the list of 9, to be developed into a to-be “future state”. </li><li>Roadmap items - group have reviewed the “List of 9”, the 9 existing items currently being developed by various suppliers coordinated by Intersect which are used to conceptualize and ideate the Roadmap process due to the maturity of the items and ample documentation available, and agreed the list to be to publish in longform on Gitbook once complete. Group reviewed the potential of anonymous contributors to the roadmap.Group also agreed on the importance of prioritizing supporting the community to get items onto the list.</li><li>Publications on DevReport and Discord announcements - Group agreed to review and release draft content after every workshop, Intersect will support on publication to the various platforms. </li><li>Glossary - group agreed to expand the vocabulary for Core Infra Roadmap on the Glossary repo</li><li>Core Infra Github Repo - Group briefly discussed the potential of shortening the name but tabled motion for future discussion.</li></ol></td><td><p>1) Hwang to look into schedule with the Suppliers</p><p>2) Silona &#x26; Sam &#x26; Leonard to work on last review on the Current State </p><p>3) Hwang/ Leonard/ Sam review ZkP Contract before publication.</p><p>Alex to review the List of 9.</p><p>4) Hwang to consult Tim H &#x26; Tim R on the standard for publication</p><p>5) Leonard/ Sam/ Silona to start with creating draft for CIP/CPS</p></td></tr><tr><td>New Member Nomination</td><td><p>The CIR-WG understands the need to engage with different groups. Nori, Lloyd Duhon and Trymyrt are approved as new members within the working group. </p><p>The members were nominated due to their roles in the other committees.<br>Nori - MCC representative</p><p>Lloyd - Civics Committee representative</p><p>Trymyrt - Technical SME</p></td><td>Hwang to send out invitations on behalf of CIR-WG</td></tr><tr><td>Discussion: Transparency</td><td>The group reviewed the importance of maintaining transparency of work done within the community. Motion approved to publish work done through DevReports and Discord posts once approved.</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>WG vs Committee</td><td><p>The group had an alignment on the definition of WG, TWG and Committee with Committee Liaison Karen Wickham. The CIR-WG is a working group by nature and will have a definite end point, where the working group will be dissolved once its objectives are met. Potentially, a CIR-Sub Committee may be formed. The CIR-WG’s remit would be to design the framework and processes necessary to develop that Sub-Committee.</p><p>The working group is targeting 90-days to finish the objectives it set out to achieve .</p><p></p><p>No motion was put forward </p></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>List of 9 items Process Flow review</td><td>The working group put through the Roadmap items “List of 9” the process phases in terms of Drafting/Refining/Approving/Delivering.</td><td>Hwang to invite relevant guests to review items</td></tr></tbody></table>

