---
description: Sept 16, 2024
---

# (16/9/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Santiago Carmuega
* Lloyd Duhon
* Leonard Hegarty
* Hwang Huongket
* Alex Karpov
* Lewis Mayne
* Nori Nishigaya
* Duncan Soutar

Meeting Recording: [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MDmEdfFadNnfOVoTGPhmD8PnZnjZWjoJ/view?usp=drive\_link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MDmEdfFadNnfOVoTGPhmD8PnZnjZWjoJ/view?usp=drive\_link)

## Agenda

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="151">Discussion Points</th><th width="420">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</td><td>Quorum achieved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Approve the Agenda</td><td></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Minutes, Online Votes, &#x26; Publishing Updates</td><td><ol><li>Minutes approved</li><li>Group discussed the decision to publish recorded sessions moving forward. Nori suggested starting meetings with quick prompt that meetings will be recorded and published.</li></ol><ul><li>Decision to publish recorded sessions approved.</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Hwang to publish recorded sessions and minutes on Gitbook moving forward</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Review 90-day milestone plan - Leonard</p><p><br></p></td><td><ol><li>Leonard led review on 90-day milestone plan</li></ol><ul><li>Framework established with 120 person-years of work as target</li><li>Discussion on triaging items and burning down to 24 large items (T-shirt size of 1L = 5 dev FTE/year)</li></ul><ol start="2"><li>Leonard stepping back as co-chair by end of month to bring in new blood</li><li>Special Interest Groups (SIGs) discussed but not fully contributing yet</li></ol></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Process Inspect-and-Adapt</td><td><p>Group conducted Process Inspect-and-Adapt session</p><ul><li>Reviewed goals set for the Core Infrastructure Roadmap</li><li>Highlighted achievements: established glossaries, triage spreadsheet, capacity planning</li><li>24 inbound proposals reviewed, 14 items reviewed with TSC</li><li>Retrospective session conducted with activities held on Miro to solicit feedback and data on CIR progression</li><li>I&#x26;A workshop to continue next week focusing on which problems to address and actionable items</li><li>Agreement to conduct similar retrospectives periodically</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Group to review the Miro board offline</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Adjournment</td><td><br></td><td><br></td></tr></tbody></table>

<figure><img src="https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXcrT0djO1RCax5AgHlzPJ6duflmovsq9bC1FbT68nFTSk5HyXFZvIynWZ-J5QNLJsX6d6gB8ev66l-UKYZuMJIcrJEvqqPK9DC0_noMuDy28ByG4wumMTshe3Adj66w5rndpGN-HsPff7J2Pw5e5yHQ5sCM?key=_SLyC8Xwsr4QMmN1edcK9g" alt=""><figcaption><p>Activity 1</p></figcaption></figure>

<figure><img src="https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXcpFbwwjcdO_wwOmCx3g8F26IDUuNSO_3_nXE6lIgmibvDpL42dXxBs9i3lEeM2PZ9zpK6ZdZL6mcPp_haLIDqRrD-nci3WbnUwuNaZcpJ-ck2Qg-RhHN_ek1B7QuNcG-w1YlEw7Zw04CZXoNfAlOlu5Ps?key=_SLyC8Xwsr4QMmN1edcK9g" alt=""><figcaption><p>Activity 2</p></figcaption></figure>
