---
description: June 10, 2024
---

# (10/6/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Ben Hart
* Sebastian Bode
* Alex Karpov
* Silona Bonewald
* Santiago Carmuega
* Douglas Ferguson
* Hwang HuongKet
* Lorenzo Bruno
* Christian Baderscher
* Nicolas Biri

## Agenda

### Old business

* [Dev report publication](https://docs.intersectmbo.org/intersect-overview/intersect-development-updates)&#x20;

### New business

* Talking points discussion

### Action items

| Discussion Points                                                                         | Notes/Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Actions: Responsible/None                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| <ol><li>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</li></ol>                                              | Quorum achieved                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| <ol start="2"><li>Approve the Agenda - Ben &#x26; Leonard</li></ol>                       | <ol><li>Agenda is approved</li></ol>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | <ul><li>Agenda approved through quorum</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| <ol start="3"><li>Approve Minutes &#x26; Async Decisions - Hwang &#x26; Douglas</li></ol> | <ol><li>Task list and update status reviewed as needed.</li><li>Discord vote on comms message for dev update</li></ol>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | <ul><li>Minutes approved through quorum.</li><li><a href="https://www.intersectmbo.org/news/intersect-development-update-18-june-14th">Dev update</a> approved through quorum.</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| <ol start="4"><li>(Process Flow - Research) - Nikolai &#x26; Christian</li></ol>          | <ol><li>Nikolas and Christian (R&#x26;D IOG) - explained the process of how R&#x26;D is delivered in IOG.</li><li>Research ends up in CIP as an output, helps disambiguate abstractions.</li><li>Use CPS and TWG to initiate the problem and limitation is easy, but prioritizing them is the challenge.</li><li>Scalability, tokenomics, incentive design - stability, transaction schemes, cryptographics, identity systems</li></ol>                       | N/A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| <ol start="5"><li>Process Flow - Additional</li></ol><p>feedback and suggestions</p>      | <ol><li>Draft process diagram presented, together with accompanying process flow SOP</li></ol>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Group to review the process flow and approve for publication 12/6/2024                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| <ol start="6"><li>Review &#x26; Approve tabled items from previous week</li></ol>         | <ol><li><p>Glossary (Hwang, Silona, Santiago)</p><ul><li>Other committee members will be added as contributors</li><li>Competing definitions will be labeled as such</li></ul><p></p></li><li>Internal Comms Plan (Eystein &#x26; Silona)</li><li>External Comms Plan (Silona, Leonard, Chris (Open Source Working Group)</li><li>Current State/Roadmap Items &#x26; 'Core Infrastructure' Definition presented to the group - Leonard &#x26; Hwang</li></ol> | <ol><li>Glossary - approved by the wg</li><li>Internal comms plan - approved by the group</li><li>External comms plan - approved by the group</li><li>Silona&#x26; Hwang - to discuss talking points and alignment with items lead (11/6) </li><li>Roadmap - to be approved by group (12/6)</li><li>Core Infra Definition - to be approved by group through Discord (12/6)</li></ol> |
| <ol start="7"><li>Review Action Items &#x26; Owners</li></ol>                             | Commitments reviewed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| <ol start="8"><li>New Business</li></ol>                                                  | New business suggested for next session - Talking Points                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | <ol><li>Silona to prepare talking points contents</li></ol>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

