---
description: July 22, 2024
---

# (22/7/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Ben Hart
* Douglas Ferguson
* Eystein Hansen
* Silona Bonewald
* Alex Karpov
* Romain Pellerin
* Nori Nishigaya
* Duncan Soutar
* Sam Leathers

## Agenda

<table><thead><tr><th width="205">Discussion Points</th><th width="323">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</td><td>Quorum achieved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Approval on Agenda, Minutes, Online Votes, &#x26; Publishing Updates</td><td>Agenda approved. Minutes on July 15 to be approved asynchronously</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Discussion on Reducing Quorum</td><td><p>A suggestion from the member was raised for a requirement for new members to attend three consecutive meetings before being counted towards quorum.</p><p>A proposal to amend the suggestion raised to a system where attendees must have participated in the last two meetings to vote.<br>The group agreed on the motion: "Quorum will be equal to 50% of all voting participants who have attended at least one of the last three meetings."</p><p>The motion was passed unanimously.</p></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Review of Current Documents for Approval</td><td><p>The following documents were approved for publication:</p><p>  - Core Infrastructure Definition</p><p>  - Current State</p><p>  - Milestones</p><p>- The List of Nine in Markdown was deferred due to outdated information</p></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Talking Points Update</td><td><p>Slide deck was presented outlining the talking points and feedback from interviews.</p><p>The importance of distinguishing between core projects and grant-funded projects was discussed.</p><p>The group agreed to keep grants and core projects separate in communications.</p></td><td><p>Duncan will provide an updated status mapping of the different projects.</p><p><br></p><p>Silona will incorporate feedback into slide deck to be presented next workshop</p></td></tr><tr><td>Triage and Next Steps for Core Infrastructure Projects</td><td><p>Douglas emphasized the importance of starting the triage process for new items before the August milestone.</p><p>The need for a CIP liaison was discussed, and Adam Dean was considered for this role.</p><p>The group agreed to identify and start the triage process for new items, while also incorporating feedback and updating processes.</p></td><td>Romain to provide updates on triage list</td></tr><tr><td>Adjournment</td><td><br></td><td><br></td></tr></tbody></table>

\
