---
description: July 29, 2024
---

# (29/7/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Ben Hart
* Douglas Ferguson
* Hwang HuongKet
* Leonard Hegarty
* Duncan Soutar
* Eystein Hansen
* Giorgio Zinetti
* Nori Nishigaya
* Silona Bonewald
* Alex Karpov
* Santiago Carmuega

\


## Agenda

<table><thead><tr><th width="225">Discussion Points</th><th width="300">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p>Introduction &#x26; </p><p>Agenda approval</p></td><td><ul><li>Meeting recorded and quorum reached</li><li>Agenda approved without changes</li><li>Minutes from previous meeting and Discord post draft approved for publication</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Review 90-day milestone plan</td><td><ul><li>Leonard presented the 30-60-90 day milestone plan</li><li>Emphasis placed on filling the funnel with items by mid-August</li><li>Process flow for triaging inbound items discussed</li><li>Group plan to show budget committee progress by end of September</li></ul></td><td><ol><li>Leonard to meet with Budget Committee to discuss the milestone plan</li><li>Leonard and Silona to review establishing SIGs and define target achievements in the 90 day milestone plan </li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>Lifecycle Process and Integration</td><td><ul><li>Group discussed on integrating Core Infrastructure Roadmap with larger lifecycle process across Cardano ecosystem</li><li>Silona working on slides to show how different committees fit into the six-step process</li><li>Need to differentiate between Special Interest Groups (SIGs) and Technical Working Groups</li></ul></td><td><ol><li>Ben and Silona to review committee six-step process</li><li>Silona and Nori to discuss MCC role in lifecycle process</li><li>Silona to prepare slides on six-step process </li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>Proposal - Shorten the 'long' meetings</td><td><ul><li>Proposal to shorten long meeting format from 3 hours to 2 hours</li><li>Vote carried to implement new meeting format</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Technical Working Group Inbound Items</td><td><ul><li>Discussion on extending the list of nine items by four additional items</li><li>Debate on what constitutes 'core' projects and how to define them</li><li>Discussion on updating and publishing key priority documents</li><li>Corrections and updates needed for some items.</li><li>Decision to publish items 9-13 as triaged after incorporating feedback</li></ul></td><td><ol><li>Hwang to incorporate document suggestions for publication</li><li>Duncan to reach out to possible champions to fill out project templates</li><li>Eystein to work on text for blog items about WG and additional items</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>Prioritization Rubric</td><td><ul><li>Ben presented a preliminary prioritization rubric for discussion</li><li>Feedback requested on the rubric, with plans to map it to existing flowcharts</li><li>Discussion on grants versus core projects and how to define them</li></ul><p><br></p></td><td><ol><li>Ben to update the rubric to reflect cycle planning purpose</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>CIR Handbook</td><td><ul><li>Hwang presented first draft of Core Infrastructure Roadmap (CIR) handbook</li><li>Discussion on format, content, and publishing timeline</li><li>Feedback requested on improving the handbook</li></ul></td><td><ol><li>Hwang to update handbook format to landscape mode for better readability</li><li>Hwang to include process map in handbook</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>Feedback (Focus Groups / SIGS)</td><td><ul><li>Discussion on establishing and defining Special Interest Groups</li><li>Plan to shortlist 5-8 potential SIGs for further consideration</li><li>Differentiation between SIGs and Technical Working Groups discussed</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Wrap up and Next Steps</td><td><ul><li>Discussion on improving the CIR handbook</li><li>Plans to review and update numbering system for work streams</li></ul><ul><li>Next meeting agenda items proposed</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr></tbody></table>

\
