---
description: Sept 2, 2024
---

# (2/9/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Reza Baram
* Trym Bruset
* Santiago Carmuega
* Eystein Magnus Hansen
* Benjamin Hart
* Hwang Huongket
* Alex Karpov
* Stefano Leone
* Fergie Miller
* Ricky Rand&#x20;
* Duncan Soutar
* Marcin Szamotulski
* Giorgio Zinetti

## Agenda



<table><thead><tr><th width="213">Discussion Points</th><th width="308">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</td><td>Quorum achieved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Approve the Agenda</td><td>Agenda approved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Minutes, Online Votes, &#x26; Publishing Updates</td><td>Minutes approved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Review 90-day milestone plan - Leonard</td><td>Milestones reviewed</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Announcement: AMA on special interest groups - Hwang</td><td><ul><li>Core Infrastructure Working Group organizing an AMA on Special Interest Groups</li><li>Four SIGs created: Interoperability, Stakeholder Operators, DeFi DApps, and Scalability</li><li>AMA scheduled for Wednesday to answer questions about joining and purpose of SIGs</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Sam Leathers and Ben Hart to attend as key speaker</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Communication barriers - Eyestein</td><td><ul><li>Eystein presented ideas to improve SIG communication</li><li>Suggestions include grouping technical and non-technical SIGs</li><li>Recommendations for asynchronous communication: Discord forums, structured threads</li><li>Proposed creating scheduled talks, rewarding attendance, and GitHub integration</li><li>Plan to work on proposal for next week or following week</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Eystein to continue work on proposal for lowering communication barriers in SIGs for next week's meeting</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Quorum Floor - Ben</td><td><p>Motion to set minimum quorum at three members; on top of existing quorum criteria based on participant attendance for past 3 CIR-WG workshops.</p><ul><li>Motion carried after vote</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Proposed Item Review - Duncan</td><td><p>Mithril Protocol Presentation</p><ul><li>Reza presented on Mithril protocol's current state and future work</li></ul><ul><li>Mithril is a stake-based multi-signature scheme for certified snapshots and proofs</li><li>Protocol functionality is good, but lacks in decentralization and sustainability</li><li>Work needed: decentralization changes, incentive model, and using Cardano network layer</li><li>Discussion on integration with Cardano node and potential applications</li><li>Marcin explained proposal for separate process using Cardano network stack</li><li>Team size for Mithril agreed on five developer-years as estimated effort</li><li>Mithril work item accepted as triaged</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Reza and Marcin to follow up and discuss the split between Mithril and network team responsibilities</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Committee Elections Update - Hwang</td><td><ul><li>Committee elections coming up next week</li><li>50% of seats up for community elections in October</li><li>Volunteers requested for seats in upcoming elections</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Hwang to share list of volunteers with Karen </li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>New Business</td><td><ul><li>Duncan Soutar provides update on IOR research proposal for next weekâ€™s review.</li><li>Discussion to be confirmed over whether research will go through CIR-WG.</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr></tbody></table>
