---
description: Sept 9, 2024
---

# (9/9/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Trym Bruset&#x20;
* Santiago Carmuega
* Nicholas Clarke&#x20;
* Benjamin Hart
* Leonard Hegarty&#x20;
* Hwang Huongket&#x20;
* Samuel Leathers
* Stefano Leone
* Evangelos Markakis
* Lewis Mayne
* Fergie Miller&#x20;
* Nori Nishigaya&#x20;
* Romain Soulat&#x20;
* Duncan Soutar

## Agenda

<table><thead><tr><th width="188">Discussion Points</th><th width="349">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</td><td>Quorum achieved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td><p>Approve the Agenda</p><p><br></p></td><td>Agenda reviewed and approved with minor changes over Eysteinâ€™s absence</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Minutes, Online Votes, &#x26; Publishing Updates</td><td>Minutes approved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td><p>Review 90-day milestone plan - Leonard</p><p><br></p></td><td><ul><li>Progress on first 30 days of plan discussed</li><li>Special Interest Groups (SIGs) need more refinement and progress</li><li>Action needed to get scalability SIG moving forward</li><li>Initial items for budget approval to be discussed in this meeting</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Leonard, Nick and Ben to prepare technical input required for the SIGs.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Proposed Item Review - Duncan</td><td><p>Stefano Leone presented four proposals for Plutus team: Static analyzer, property-based testing tool, Plinth model checker, and transaction monitoring system for discussion</p><ul><li>Concerns raised about the small scale of the static analyzer proposal</li><li>Community research highlighted as required for property-based testing tool, Plinth model checker and transaction monitoring system.</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Property Based Tool and Plinth model Checker: Romain Soulat and Ben and Nick Clark to opine on Property Based Tool to rate against existing solution. </li><li>Hwang to invite Marshall Swatt on Plutus Core matters</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Review Triage -Leonard</td><td><p>1) Evangelos Markakis discussed proposal for DRep Incentives</p><ul><li>Decision to put D-Rep incentives on hold until after Voltaire implementation</li></ul><p>2) Discussion on Ouroboros Leios simulations and potential work on Mithril</p><ul><li>Sam Leathers emphasized focus on maintenance and scalability for the coming year</li><li>Need to break down maintenance into specific topics like scalability and usability</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Anti-Grinding: Leonard to reach out to Giorgios</li><li>Mithril: Leonard &#x26; Ben to reach out to Reza </li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Proposal to lower SIGs communication entry barrier - Eystein</td><td>Tabled until Eystein's return</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Champions - Sizing and Deliverables - Ben</td><td><p>1) Item sizing discussion</p><ul><li>Discussion on sizing and prioritization of roadmap items</li><li>Proposal to normalize sizing based on 1L = 5 person/year of work</li></ul><p>2) Budget allocation </p><ul><li>Debate on allocation of budget between new features, maintenance, and community needs</li><li>Discussion on how to present maintenance work in the roadmap</li><li>Proposal to categorize maintenance work into buckets for better oversight</li><li>Need for detailed presentation of maintenance work to justify budget allocation</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Leonard, Ben and Duncan to set up meeting to align on state of items/ budget</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>New Business</td><td><p>Update on Committee Election</p><ul><li>Hwang provided update on upcoming committee elections</li><li>Elections limited to core committees, excluding subcommittees and working groups</li></ul><p>Decision to have follow-up meetings to refine roadmap items and budget allocation</p><ul><li>Follow-up meetings will focus on categorizing roadmap items into maintenance and development buckets for clearer budget allocation.</li><li>Participants will discuss the need for additional details and outlines for each item to ensure comprehensive understanding and planning.</li><li>The outcome of these meetings will be presented to the Technical Steering Committee for validation and alignment on budget distribution.</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Adjournment</td><td>N/A</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
