---
description: June 25, 2024
---

# (25/6/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Ben Hart
* Giorgio Zinetti
* Alex Karpov
* Sam Leathers
* Eystein Hansen
* Silona Bonewald
* Duncan Soutar
* Douglas Ferguson
* Hwang HuongKet

## Agenda

### Action items

<table><thead><tr><th width="209">Discussion Points</th><th width="355">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</td><td>Quorum achieved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Approve the Agenda</td><td>Agenda approved</td><td>None</td></tr><tr><td>Minutes, Online Votes, &#x26; Publishing Updates</td><td>Minutes approved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>New Member Nomination</td><td><p>Nori was nominated by Leonard as MCC rep for cross-communication. </p><p>Lloyd Duhon is nominated as Civics rep and advisor on Budget/Process. </p><p>Group discussed whether committee reps within working groups have similar voting rights, as they also represent the community.</p><p>Group to reach out to both Nori and Lloyd to see if they’re able to take on these obligations within the CIR-WG, or if they want to nominate someone else from their respective groups.</p></td><td><p>Hwang to reach out to Nori and Lloyd.</p><p>Eystein to reach out to a candidate with a technical background.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Review Task HeatMap</td><td><p>The group reviewed the artifact heatmap. Hwang to buddy with Silona on arranging the Talking Points session with the 9 item champions.</p><p>The Talking Points session is the precursor to the Open Call with the wider community.</p><p>Leonard and Ben will be revising the milestones date. <br>Eystein proposes 2 new roles: CIP and Business Case Liaison.</p></td><td><p>Hwang to arrange talking points with 9 items champion for Silona </p><p><br></p></td></tr><tr><td>Proposed Changes to Process Flow - responding to TSC feedback</td><td><p>Based on last week’s session with TSC, a revision to the roadmap process was put forward to reflect the changes The group reviewed the changes and provided further inputs for consideration.</p><p>The group will be reaching out to TWG/SIG leads to discuss on how the process can be shaped</p></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Defining Steps in Process Flow (Schematic) </td><td><p>The group will be working on individual components of the process. </p><p>The prioritization rubric is a key component that should be defined. Silona and Sam will look to define the first draft of the rubric.</p></td><td>Silona and Sam to define the prioritization rubric.</td></tr><tr><td>Key Priorities (The 9 Items)</td><td>The 9 existing items have been listed on the Key Priorities spreadsheet and will serve as a template for a triage run. Sam and Giorgio will look into the various items and provide a recommendation for readiness in the next workshop</td><td>Sam and Giorgio to review and provide recommendations for triage runs.</td></tr><tr><td>2 business day notice for approvals which require review</td><td>Motion to approve for the context of a decision requires more than 1 page document review, 2 business days are required except under emergency circumstances - motions which do not meet this requirement will go to an asynchronous online vote. 0 opposed. Motion carries</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Review Action Items &#x26; Owners</td><td>Hwang and Douglas to update <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lsdD69gUsp-GvI3s-0MxiFLHHIBlZruNyf1NjOqVEC4/edit">Artifacts Heatmap</a> and share on Discord</td><td><br></td></tr></tbody></table>
