---
description: Sept 30, 2024
---

# (30/9/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Santiago Carmuega
* Eystein Magnus Hansen
* Benjamin Hart
* Leonard Hegarty
* Alex Karpov
* Samuel Leathers
* Lewis Mayne
* Nori Nishigaya
* Romain Pellerin
* Duncan Soutar
* Giorgio Zinetti

Meeting Recording: [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aGM1-auE1Zqom7Cih4vLH1kkr4o7IrtH/view?usp=drive\_link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aGM1-auE1Zqom7Cih4vLH1kkr4o7IrtH/view?usp=drive\_link)

## Agenda

<table><thead><tr><th width="198">Discussion Points</th><th width="354">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible/None</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Introduction &#x26; Quorum</td><td>Quorum achieved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Approve the Agenda</td><td>Agenda approved</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Minutes, Online Votes, &#x26; Publishing Updates</td><td>Minutes approved with amendments.</td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Review 90-day milestone plan</td><td><ul><li>Discussion on the three main work buckets: maintenance, new project work, and longer arc work. </li></ul><ul><li>Emphasis on the need for special interest groups (SIGs) and maintaining their energy. </li><li>Duncan Soutar highlighted the importance of aligning the roadmap with the product committee's five key themes. </li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Chair nominations</td><td><ul><li>Giorgio Zinetti was nominated but needed more time to decide.</li><li>Benjamin Hart self-nominated.</li><li>Nominations remain open until Wednesday in the Discord channel. </li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Candidates to provide a brief statement of qualifications and interest.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Quorum Rules</td><td><ul><li>Agreed to publish quorum rules: half of the best-attended of the last three meetings, with a minimum of 3 people. </li><li>Approved to be added to the official documentation.</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Hwang to update on Gitbook once back from holiday</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>SIG Feedback and Public Meetings</td><td><ul><li>Agreed to solicit SIG feedback directly in the weekly working group meetings.</li><li>Meetings to be fully open to the public.</li><li>Past recordings to be made public, pending approval from participants.</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Lewis Mayne tasked with finding the best way to make meetings and recordings public</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Other Business</td><td><ul><li>Discussion on the need for a structured process to ensure community feedback.</li><li>Agreement to use the weekly meeting as a default forum for feedback if SIGs cannot meet.</li><li>Proposal to open meetings to the public and use social media for announcements.</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Adjournement</td><td><ul><li>Meeting adjourned with no further business</li></ul></td><td><br></td></tr></tbody></table>
