---
description: Oct 7, 2024
---

# (7/10/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Santiago Carmuega
* Nicholas Clarke
* Neil Davies
* Kevin Hammond
* Eystein Magnus Hansen
* Benjamin Hart
* Hwang Huongket
* Omer Husain
* Anita Jovic
* Alex Karpov
* Samuel Leathers
* Lewis Mayne
* Duncan Soutar
* Ryan Williams
* Giorgio Zinetti

Meeting Recording:\
Pt 1: [https://drive.google.com/file/d/191WCKx2U\_-IuDKzYR9NYrOdp8ooQXxh1/view?usp=drive\_link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/191WCKx2U\_-IuDKzYR9NYrOdp8ooQXxh1/view?usp=drive\_link)

Pt 2: [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-JLsmAPAbzoJ21JudVq7c3WdvVBgFULk/view?usp=drive\_link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-JLsmAPAbzoJ21JudVq7c3WdvVBgFULk/view?usp=drive\_link)

## Agenda

| Discussion Points                                         | Notes/Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Actions: Responsible/None                                                                                         |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Introduction & Quorum                                     | Quorum achieved                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | <p><br></p>                                                                                                       |
| Approve the Agenda                                        | Agenda approved                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | <p><br></p>                                                                                                       |
| Minutes, Online Votes, & Publishing Updates               | Minutes approved                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | <p><br></p>                                                                                                       |
| Review the 90 day Milestone plan                          | <ul><li>Discussion on updating the 90-day milestone plan</li><li>Focus on getting community behind the roadmap and process</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                     | <ul><li>Ben Hart to propose an update to the milestone plan</li></ul>                                             |
| Chair Nominations - Confirmation                          | Giorgio Zinetti and Benjamin Hart confirmed as co-chairs asynchronously                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | <p><br></p>                                                                                                       |
| Proposed Items Review                                     | <ol><li>Wallets</li></ol><p>Discussion requested for postponement due to absence of SME</p><ol start="2"><li>Partnerchains</li></ol><p>Partnerchains discussion taken off recording as requested by SME due to public disclosure concerns. Item will be presented and recorded in a future workshop.</p> | <ul><li>Omer Husein to prepare for potential re-presentation of partner chains information in two weeks</li></ul> |
| Public disclosure of open sessions on CIR matters - Lewis | <ul><li>Group agreed to publish the decision to invite community participation for future CIR meetings through the use of Discord, DevUpdate and X (previously Twitter)</li></ul>                                                                                                                        | <ul><li>Hwang to submit draft to Intersect community manager for review and publication</li></ul>                 |
